Travel App:

1. Department :
	a. Department Code : Required, Unique, case sensitive
  
   
2.	Travel Approval : Auto Number TA-{00000}
	a. Purpose of Trip
	b. Status (New, Submitted, Pending Approval, Approved, Rejected,Draft)
	c. Trip Start Date
	d. Trip Start Date
	e. Out-of-State
	f. Destination State (length - 2)
	g. Department (Look up)
	h.Total Expenses(Rollup summary) - Sum of amount in Total Expenses
	i. Status Indicator
		IF( ISPICKVAL( Status__c , 'Approved') , IMAGE("/resource/StatusImages/thumbs-up.png", "Accepted", 20, 20),
		IF ( ISPICKVAL( Status__c , 'Rejected'), IMAGE("/resource/StatusImages/thumbs-down.png", "Rejected", 20, 20),
		IMAGE("/resource/StatusImages/draft.png", "In-Process", 20, 20)))
	
	1.Customize the User Interface for a Travel Approval:
	 Page Layout
	 under list view created new and filtering with conditions
		Open Out of State Travel Requests:
			Click Add Filter and enter these details:
				Field: Out-of-State
				Operator: equals
				Value: True

			Click Add Filter again and enter these details:
				Field: Status
				Operator: not equal to
				Value: Approved, Rejected
	2.validation rule :
		trip end date >= the trip start date.
	3.Process Builder
		a. Set Out of State Travel Flag : When a record is created or edited
			Criteria : Destination State Does not equal TX (Out of State Travel)
			Action : Update Records, Out-of-State is true (Set out of state checkbox field)
	4. Approval Process :
		a. All travel approvals are sent to the employee’s direct manager for approval.
		2b. If the trip is out of state, the approval is also sent to a travel coordinator for approval. If not out of state, this step is skipped.
	


3. Expense Item : Auto Number E-{00000}
	a. Amount ( Required)
	b. Expense Type (Airfare, Hotel, Rental car, Meals, Other)
	c. Travel Approval ( Master detail)
	
Enable Chatter on the travel approval app to allow for in-app collaboration.

Create user and assign the user as manager in your profile.

				
Reports:
	1.Travel Requests by Department Report
	2.Travel Requests by Month Report
	

